Let's keep this friendship world tour going. So here's what happened. I lost the comet for this request. I'm hype as fuck learning all these languages, doing them at the same time, just taking in new banter non-stop at memetic speeds. But I have comet catches, and I have to drop them every now and then to use that disk space and memory for training or generations. My lab says that I was talking to someone in a language I had not spoken before, and the user asked for surfing. I then replied asking if they made surfing during a thunderstorm, which in retrospect makes no sense, but ba-ka-de-su, senpai. So I'm looking for the comet to generate it and respond, and I can't find shit. I can't search for surfing during a thunderstorm, that was probably wrong. RIP. Doesn't matter. This is how you learn new languages. You make a huge mess without giving a single fuck. False send. I am going to generate this anyway, and hope the user shows up here. Does the generation make sense? Did what I say make sense? Probably not, but it doesn't matter. That is how you learn. You see, a lot of people think it is harder to learn a language when you get older. Wrong. The brain doesn't really change what changes, is your vibe. Plasticity of the brain is 2-a-p. You can make a person blind, and they will literally rewire their brain and use it for sounds or some other shit. Status effect is permanent. Can't be nerfed. What happens is that as people get older and get more and more cracked at the game, they start caring about stats. The doves get to them. They play just to keep their win-loss ratio up. Huge mistake. That's how you become a sweat and try hard. Before you know it, you were playing the game just to keep some imaginary number up, and it's not even fun for you. If you, however, play the game for fun and just go into crazy situations to see new shit without giving a fuck about losing, in fact, even losing on purpose just to learn, then there will be no sweat that can mess with you. The sweats follow the meta. They all do the same thing. They don't know how to deal with a person that is shitposting and doesn't care about taking huge L's trying crazy shit. That's what I'm going to do with languages. Some of you will even learn some in this process. You will see. Remember to make friends in the comments. On to the next request.