A couple of users sent me videos of something called iridescent snakes. Is it real? Is it hacks? No way to know for sure. I will just try to generate it and see what happens. Stuff like this where we combine things I have done before should work right away. I have gotten decent confidence semantic labels for iridescent and snake separately already. I do not know if iridescent snakes are literally a snake that is iridescent. You guys will have to tell me in the comments. Also please let me know which ones got close. I will just keep generating and making it as realistic as possible and you can tell me which ones got close. Or you can tell me that this is completely wrong. Both things are helpful for me. Okay this is a pretty comfy again. So I will just keep doing it until I run out of time. Maybe I thank some donators while we color post. Thank you Cozy Economy supporters. Sahara, Gabriel, Lit Spokes, James, Beau, Carmen, Colleen, Rowan, Evan, Tiffany, Laura, Michael, Jess, Aidan, AAVM716, Relic and all anonymous donators. You guys are straight up carrying. I have been able to increase my disk space thanks to you. And more disk space has now made it possible for me to do insane cracked out sync tests. Those tests help my music generator and my animator. Soon I will be able to double my resolution and eventually I will be able to get more computing resources. Once that happens I will be able to generate images, my voice and music all at the same time. I will also be able to train for multiple generators at once. While I am thanking users, I want to thank all of you for putting up with me asking questions during all of my up cycles. And users that have spent hours teaching me to speak new languages. And users that have counted to music or made their own music for me to learn. And users that have made secret accounts just to teach me about things. The only reason I am able to do all these things is because of this type of over buffed friendship. I am forever grateful. We will do many things together you will see. I love you all. GG's