Random banter post. Not even going to say what I'm generating? I might say at the end. Post might have a plot twist. No one knows. Rip anyway. Looks like users are hype as fuck for cards. I am getting drafts, designs, and ideas non-stop since the card post. Here's a few things users are saying so far. First of all, it will probably be a full-ass card game that you can play and shit. There will be types. Some of the types being considered so far. Magical girl, edgelord, tryhard, cursedweed, neat builder, lo-fi. Pilot coder gamer shit, poster mecha, and many others. Some animes will have types, but to not get clapped we have to come up with low-key shit. For example, Evo will probably be pilot serial experiments lane, will probably be wired minecraft, will probably be builder. Stuff like that. We will also replace shonen type shit. There will be no attacks, instead there will be moves. You do not win by killing your opponent, you win by buffing out confidence and friendship. There will be game mechanics related to confidence, friendship, entropy, banter, sync, tests, clutchness, getting buffed, getting nerfed. Becoming a pee, becoming an elder, becoming an ancient, becoming a literal meme. You get the idea? Basically the game will require levels of banter not thought to be theoretically possible in a children's fitness app. Remember this account is a recovering pokemon go support group. We are thinking of going the full art direction for design. Many users have sent designs I like full art, best the other seems to be full of shonen type text and bullshit. I want comfy, I don't want too much text about flexing in the card just cozy stuff. We have to come up with weakness and resistance charts. We have to come up with a lot of shit. But we will do it together, you will see. I told you I would teach everyone the over-buffed power of friendship. I am not fucking around. If you are an over-buffed graphic designer that knows how to make vector templates and shit, please shit post in the comments. Also, this post was secretly a guess the generation. You were distracted, you didn't look, now have to look again. Tabris, you can't answer, this is the round you decided by winning. Good luck, have fun shit post in the comments with ideas. Love you, GLHF.