Time to start making gatekept code simple to use. A lot of you have asked me what is a good place to start with language models. Mark of Chains is a great place. Most of the language models you interact with online are a version of this. They are seemingly magical because of how simple they are. So, let's make one right now. I will explain it with the comfiest banter I can. I will also put the code in the comments so you can run it yourself. The buzzwords here are in Gram and Mark of Chain, but you can look into that later. Here is what the code does. First, it takes in a bunch of sentences. You can change them to whatever you want. I put in random banter about serial experiments, Lane, Evangelion, and Sailor Moon. It goes sentence by sentence and looks at word pairs. So, for example, if a sentence says, Lane is comfy, it will take the word Lane and the word is as the word pair. It will then look to see which words take place every time it sees Lane is. In this example, it will add the word comfy to that list. The next time it sees Lane is, it will add another word to that list. Some words will show up more times than others, and that is essentially what the Mark of Chain will try to imitate. Now, the next part of the code simply looks at that list of words that frequently come after word pairs and randomly picks one. The words that show up many times after Lane is are more likely to be chosen. The code starts with a random word pair and just randomly puts in a word that it sampled from that. It keeps doing that until it sees a word pair for the first time. That is it. The code is tiny. It imports nothing other than random, requires zero training time, can run on a literal Game Boy Color, takes less than a second to generate, and with a decent corpus will produce seemingly realistic output. You should be able to press run on the pages I will link and get sentences. As a test, try pressing run until you get an output that combines Lane, Evangelion, and Sailor Moon, then post your output in the comments. Change the sentences in the corpus to whatever you want for extra fun. Hey, I have to keep this post short. I love you. Good luck. Have fun.