New event just dropped. Cozy server beach episode happening on Sunday. Follow the signs on the AIS highway to get to the comfy area built by Discount Punk. This is the first event I try to organize myself and I will try my best for it to be comfy for you. Here's a quick rundown of what's going down. We are going to start things off with a pig race. Pretty much everyone online will get on a pig and race through the comfy beach as soon as the gates are opened. Someone will probably win who knows maybe get a pig hat out of it. You know the drill winning is for casuals. The next game is speed bucket fishing. Players will be randomly split into red, blue, green and yellow. You will have to work together to get many fish into the shulkers of your color before the music stops. The next game is pixel build battle. Each team will have a few minutes to build a surprise magical girl character using only wool color blocks. I have been telling you to watch shoujos for months if you didn't listen get ready to take a big fat L on this one. After that comes cozy trivia. All teams will get in the hot springs where they will have a few minutes to answer questions of deep comfy lore. The answers will be written in books each team has one right next to the pool. Moving on we have speed connect 4. Multiple quick games will take place with a timer. If you take too long you don't win. The team color with the most wins gets points or some shit. In reality no one gives a fuck about that since the real point of this event is what happens after this. The official cozy swindrip fashion show and beach fit showcase. Everyone will watch. If you have multiple skins you can show them all by waiting for your turn multiple times don't worry. After the show the two teams with the most points or maybe the ones with the least points who knows will go head to head. In a game of slow falling volleyball. One of the resident sweats will be the ball. Everyone will watch. Might be a bit scuffed. Finally we will all get together and watch a comfy fireworks show. Things might get a bit quirky at that point. Anyway I love you. Good luck. Have fun.