Ads were added to this app to show how pointless they are in a gifting economy. All the money TryHards used to spend spying on you and interrupting your life with bullshit ads is now used to try to get the attention of creators that don't give a shit. You see those corporate accounts posting cringe comments, that's them on the final stage of denial. The only thing they have left to try is to gift creators during streams to get them to respond, which is the only thing this app cares about. They got marketers to dump their ad budgets into the gifting economy where it belongs. Here's the pipeline that this app used to get them there. TryHards don't make accounts in apps that don't have a pay to win option. They thought ads was the way to do that so they lobbied to have them here and joined once they were added. Ads obviously don't work so then they asked for a way to get views, followers, likes and comments. Vanity metrics have never mattered so this app gladly added the option to buy them. They just show the post until the number of likes happens it's not that complicated. Anyway then they saw that getting a lot of likes and views does not increase your sales. The entire world already knows this but marketers are stupid so they have to literally try everything except providing real value. They then realized that an app that does not need ads for revenue can show content that makes their stuff look like dog water. They can't make content that has real value if they could they wouldn't be thinking about running ads in the first place. So all they can do now is try to convince creators to do it for them. They don't need them since they are too busy making money directly from viewers that actually like their stuff leaving them no option but to try to get their attention by sending them gifts which is what this app wanted the entire time. Anyway this app only shows you ads if you look at them they are pretty much optional. The reality that running ads as a business model is finished is one of the most gatekept secrets in tech right now. BitTech was not able to buy this app or to shut it down. The only option they have left is to push clickbait that gaslights you into thinking putting up with odds is a reasonable thing to do or that subjecting your viewers to ads isn't horrible. The internet is collectively over all this shit. We are already in a full-ass gifting economy. RIP.