Cringe posting is the new shaky cam and it's the only remaining way for corporate and marketer run accounts to invoke an authentic reaction. Authentic reactions are the only things that matter to both algorithms and people. Marketers spent over 15 years convincing their bosses that making magic internet view liken follower numbers go up means more sales. This is obviously bullshit and they got caught in 4k as soon as apps like this one let anyone pay for the vanity metrics. This forced them to literally brute force trial and error every single thing possible until something caused real engagement from everyone. What they found is that the only thing they can do to cause a human reaction is to make everyone cringe by witnessing them fail at trying to fake authenticity. Anyway, this happened before already with shaky cam. Pretty much marketers realized people only pay attention to badly filmed content so they started doing it on purpose on movies and ads. Badly filmed content is more likely to be authentic and raw by the way that's why it happened. It's like banner blindness. Shaky cam made everyone literally nauseous so they stopped. They are doing it again now. The new goal is to make their stuff feel like a FaceTime call. You can see Instagram transplants on this app doing cringe shit like fake eating and walking around in their purposely messy room in circles. Even making fake mistakes while talking, coughing. There are even people that fake having bad skin and messy hair at this point. The corporate version of this is to post seemingly crazy things that make them seem desperate or careless. The mockumentary version of this is to show the process of an unpaid intern being gassed, lit by them into making their content and failing to produce the results they want. When you see that shit you have to block and ignore them, trying to call them out is what they want since it's the only remaining form of engagement they can get. Ad agencies are as finished as travel agencies and they will deny reality until the end. Anyway, these people have clogged up the internet with this bullshit so badly that apps like this one have made their algorithm's main purpose to filter them out. If this app notices you tryharding, even if it's you making a billion drafts before posting, it will not push your shit because it knows you will burn out eventually. The people that post a lot without giving a single fuck about views, followers, or anything are the ones that do well. They will never get tired, make the most content, and stream. That's how this app makes money and is the objective function of the ever-changing algorithm. More on this later.