The YouTube algorithm only cares about literally putting you to sleep. That, or making your brain go AFK, which is worse. This happened because their objective function sucks, and their objective function sucks, because their revenue is literally jumpscaring you with bullshit ads. Basically, when people talk about an algorithm, they really mean the objective function. For big tech companies, there is no algorithm. They just make random changes that only a small percentage of their users can see until it makes a number go up. The function that decides if a number goes up is the objective function, and all that matters. If you understand that you can develop a strategy that will always work, even if there's changes in what people call the algorithm. That's why trying to understand the algorithm is pointless. It's going to keep changing forever, and when I say change, I don't mean in the next update. I mean literally every hour it is different. Anyway, every app that runs ads is getting clapped by apps with gift economy objective functions. If you have ads, your objective function is to increase revenue, and you can only do that by making the algorithm... It is the only way to get someone to not skip an ad or to not uninstall the app the first time they see one. Imagine if you saw a non-consensual ad while playing Minecraft. That's an instant uninstall right there. So ye back to YouTube, their algorithm kept being changed over and over until they found a way for users to not skip the ads. Users that fall asleep don't skip ads. Users that leave the stuff playing in the background without watching don't skip ads. Users with their brain AFK don't skip ads. Ads are the business model equivalent of submitting a Wikipedia article as homework at 11.59pm without changing anything. The losers that made these apps sell interrupting your life and memories as a service. They came up with this bullshit when investors realized they were burning their money with no plan. Anyway, apps like YouTube now have to show you content so bad it makes you completely apathetic about whether it's even playing or not. This is the exact opposite of the objective function on apps like this one since numbers go up when you gift. And that only happens... when you love what you are seeing. This is also the reason thumbnails are so important on YouTube. If you notice, they care about the semantic labels on the thumbnail way more than content itself. This is because they only care about that initial click that they used to put you to sleep. Anyway, all apps with objective functions like that are getting clapped in 4K. They can't even just pivot away from ads, either because they have been training their algorithm for years to do something that is now completely obsolete. This is also why talking about how this app makes money from gifts is high key censored. They know that they can get completely flawless by any app even if it's new that doesn't run ads. The internet is a gifting economy. It always has and forever will be.