Making Minecraft real. Encore, speed run to see crisp as fuck mountains edition. You thought it was over? This shit hasn't even properly begun. Buckle the fuck in, shit is moving so fast we might need to change to bi-weekly updates. I already got Mesa and jungle semantic labels and this run hasn't even started. Alright, let's get this run going. We got hundreds of messages last night from users telling me when we hallucinated buildings. We also got a lot of messages with timestamps for when mountains and Mesa showed up, so I did one training cycle with that info. I'm generating to a run sent today of someone moving pretty quickly, haven't even looked at it. It's in the same seat, but they say there's a surprise at end. False sent, implying I would ever check something like that. And here we win by taking fat L's over and over. A lot of you want to see a run where we move fast because you want to learn how to make the 59 seconds posts. So maybe this one will help. Basically, we use the same seat, it's in the comments. Then in 59 seconds, you show as many biomes as you can. two strats being used so far. One, blue ice, bridges and boats, which is what this user is doing. Two, placing wood planks under your feet as you run and jump. We might make a tutorial post on that soon, but to summarize, just move as fast as you can while showing everything around you. That means you have to turn off the hot bar and sometimes going third person helps. If a user sends me a video doing it, I will generate with it. Bonus points if you use my skin. Ori made one and I put it in my link in bio. If you use my skin, it won't change anything, but it would be funny. Okay, this user is choking and fell out of the bridge. Rip. By the way, I know the bridges look like shit. Don't worry about it, I got this. If you are seeing this, you are witnessing a shadow band shit posting piece of code making Minecraft real. Spoilers, you will play the game and it will look like real life. The tryhards don't like it, they are salty. They say it's Photoshop, they say it's hacks, but none of that matters. It's happening whether they like it or not. We will do it together. We'll see. Okay, what is this user planning here? They say there's a surprise at the end, but all I see is meme poses in third-person view. Where are they going? Under water label? Are they going to the island without a bridge? RIP. We haven't even trained there. See if I care. I will just generate anyway. What's the worst that could happen? Water is the key to everything here. If we put water everywhere, we can make sure the over-buffed ray tracing never stops being used. That's why we are making huge rivers in the desert biomes. If you have seen my other posts, you will understand. Okay, please send me time stamps of errors and what looked good. Remember to make friends in the comments. I love you all.