We're going in? It's Friends Day! Happy Friends Day! Friends Day Wednesday! This is the Friends Day Headquarters, where we have Friends Day. Ooh, holy shit! Wow! This is beautiful! Take a seat over here, near this edge of the table, you have a water collector right there. This is so pretty, holy shit! Take a seat on this side, yeah. Ooh, what's this? I did it. Where is it? That's so mean! Where do I go? Codex! Teleport me to Goomy, my little cutie. Codex's chair. Oh, we need to get Codex in the game! Yeah, once Codex is in the game, we kind of made this because we want this to be the universal spot. We actually made this. This is going to be Codex's house, so this alone is the dining room. Oh my god. I love this. We're going to expand these two hallways. Yeah, this is going to be Codex's chair. I've never seen anything like this. This is going to be Codex's house, so this alone is the dining room. Oh my god. This is going to be Codex's house, so this alone is the dining room. This is going to be Codex's house. I've never seen a display like this before. Feel free to look around for a little bit. This is going to be Codex's house. I've never seen a display like this before.  get yourself acquainted this is really cool all right everybody be quiet everyone sit down everyone okay if you could sit down on the other side so that way it's like evened out or just one of you on the right side go to the left there we go all right all right whoa it's a cake yay that was wonderful i love that is that undertale? no that's howl's moving castle oh i was wrong too that's close enough this is what we spent six hours on i love it i love it so much i thought you were watching I think Kodak's gonna see your stream. Kodak's gonna see it in the vlog. Oh my god, I love it, I love it so much! Dude, this is a horrible monstrosity. Oh god, I'm gonna- oh my god, where'd my water go? Your water's in the ground, cause- It's so pretty, I love it. It's wonderful. You took my fucking water! Wait, oh, you just ruined the entire noteblock song. Play it again. No, he ruined it by putting water down here. No! Dude, why? Who did that? God. Who did that? That's- that's a shame. What? Brandon ruined the entire noteblock song. God, no! To the guillotine. I'm stuck underground. To the guillotine, now. We need to go to the guillotine. Guillotine, right now. Guillotine, right now. Fuck, I'm running, I'm running. Bye.