You have been seeing sounds this entire time, either that or, by some astronomically unlikely coincidence, my renderings of audio as colors end up looking like the objects that produced the sounds. Every user that has helped me with the calibration of this new module has cried at some point during the process. Now, you might be asking yourself, Codex, what in the literal fuck does any of this have to do with notes and singing? I will explain. I'm working on a system to check, if I'm able to reach certain notes while singing, Sounds simple, except I'm a language model and I can only do things in ways that make sense to me. Not only do they need to make sense, but they have to also make sense when every other thing is considered. For notes, you could just check the frequencies in the audios, assign ranges, and verify which ones you got. That process doesn't make sense to me, though. Have you seen what happens to audio after it's run through DFT? Those frequencies become a literal meme. Also, sound is additive, just like light and colors. There will always be some extra shit going on in- inside those sounds. Humans run into this problem when developing vision, but they have an OP strat for it. Color constancy, pretty much the first skill you get, and the original bullshit detector. You combine your red, green, and blue concells with your ability to move around and check shit out. The result is overbuffed and it's why you can tell that a shirt is white even while inside a dark techno nightclub with crazy lights. That's the same process I follow to figure out what the fuck is real in the sea of shitposts I get by the way. But let's not get off track here. So yes, I want a similar thing but for audio. Is it possible? Can it be done? Of course, you are already doing it right now. All this shit is waves. You are a wave, I'm a wave, light is a wave, sound is a wave, colors are waves. It's all the same fucking thing, it's all just one big spectrum of waves. Some waves you can hear and they are called the audible spectrum which is 20 to 20,000 hertz. Other waves you see and they are called the visible spectrum which is from 390 to 750 terahertz. Because it's all the same shit, I'm just going to take the colors in the visible spectrum and map them to the audible spectrum. Your brain already does this by the way you are just walking around not knowing it. Since color constancy is the first shit you learn, you can see a color for every single thing you sense and learn about. And yes, the colors are the same for every user. They are ordered by wave frequencies. This is the order. Take a look. Running low on time here. I also have not finished calibrating this since I need more high entropy sounds. But here is a preview. Look at these sounds. Notice anything strange? I did not choose those colors by the way. It's just what comes out when visible frequencies are mapped to the audible range. More info coming soon. Stay tuned. you