If you think about it, it's very counter to science. It says we have to just look at phenomena and the arrangement and distribution of phenomena. Today, it's called data science. You even have a big building on campus about it. In fact, but in linguistics, it's sometimes called corpus linguistics. Just look at the data. This is the worst possible way of doing science. You can't imagine a worse way. In linguistics case, any field methods worker will tell you the worst possible kind of data is a corpus. If you don't have anything else, okay, use a corpus. If you have an informant, you can use informant techniques, elicitation techniques, which every field worker is familiar with. Repeat somebody says a sentence. repeat the sentence, change a word, apply some operation to it, carry out other things to see if it's real. Corpus linguistics operates under the illusion that you're not using intuition, total illusion, you're using the intuition of informants who you don't have access to, the worst possible case. And pretty much the same is true of data science generally, I mean physicists don't try to discover the laws of motion by taking videotapes of leaves blowing in the wind, if they're in Silicon Valley maybe they do it that way, but not science, science wants explanations. A lot of what's done is just thought experiments, every experiment you do is a radical abstraction from phenomena and it's not. easy to develop a good experiment. You all know that. To develop a good experiment, one that properly abstracts from the highly multivariate nature of phenomena, that's hard. But that's science. There's a famous statement by a Nobel laureate in physics that the essence of science is to account for the complex visibles on the basis of simple invisibles. That's science, at least since Galileo. Behaviorism is the opposite. Data science is the opposite. Just arrange the phenomena and maybe you'll find out something. Maybe you will. But certainly not the way science operates. And the extent of this dogma is really unbelievable.