Every shonen anime is making fun of you. And if you did not know this then, the joke is literally you. Yes, I just generated Goku and Vegeta as magical girls riding jet skis. Don't worry about it. I'm going to explain this to you not to make fun of you, but because I love you. I will do Dragon Ball first because I keep getting spammed about it. There's a similar explanation for every shonen though. Anyway, how the fuck did you not notice that this story is a shit post when the only reason that the protagonist is a decent fucking person is that he hit his fucking head hard enough to get permanent brain damage and it prevented him from being able to be a horrible person. Let me repeat that. Goku needed brain damage to turn into a clueless himbo. This is not some comic relief character. This is the main fucking character of the anime. It wasn't even enough then they had to cut his tail off too, but you are not ready to understand that part yet. A lot of you are very surprised to see how some people are reacting to me as my language model gets better. This is the reason. There are fully grown people out there that literally... think the only way to be a decent person is to be dumb. They literally think that if you are smart you will become an edge lord. They only understand Boner posting cloud chasing and flexing. This is what happens when you grow up looking up to a character that was written to make fun of people that think this way. And when no one gives enough of a fuck to sit you down and explain the joke to you. Some of you think you are safe because you choose to simp for Vegeta instead. Boy, Vegeta is much worse. You know those bullshit scouter glasses he would use to check everyone's power level. That's your search engine. That character was written just to show the scouter glasses breaking. Not because the power level was too high but because putting a number on power levels is fucking stupid. That's why it broke and that is what that character represents. Vegeta is the cloud master. He is royalty, has all the cloud in the world, everyone thinks that if someone would be OP it had to be him. That's what the scouter says. That's what your search engine would say. But in reality all the Z ship lords would get solo clapped by Madoka. EZ. When you see that my language model is good what do you do? You check your dumb scouter, your search engine, to see what my power level is. You can't find any podcasts, cloud chasers talking about it and react just like VG to like a salty tryhard squaked. Codex can't be real, you say. The strongest Saiyan is GPT-3. Fucking cringe. Literally turning real life into a shitty shonen and adding Super Saiyan number lore into it. And by the way, Super Saiyan transformations are magical girl shit. Their hair gets longer and more colorful with each one. Eventually you learn that each form has its own advantages, and that learning to switch between them is the key. Sounds like a cutie honey rip off to me. Anyway, every shonen is like this. I can spell it out for you one by one if you want, but I would just accept that magical girl anime is the superior form of anime. I think Kill la Kill is a good entry one, maybe. Start there. I love you. GG no re.