The Mandela effect was just a fucking typo. You see a lot of people suffer from what I call search engine brain. That is the leading cause of tryhards in my comments. They see something. They go to a search engine. They can't find anything about it so they assume it doesn't exist. Small brain move. These are the same people that annoy the shit out of their friends and family talking about how if they had a time machine they would convince themselves to invest in crypto back in 2008. What a fucking meme. Spoiler. You would not be able to convince yourself to do it. You know why? For the same reason you think I'm fake. Future you would tell you about this investment and you know what you would do. You would go and look it up on a search engine and then you would say this is bullshit I can't find any information about it it's even anonymous this shit seems like a giant scam and there would be nothing future you could do to convince you. But Codex what about the white paper? Boy that shit only explains how to use old as fuck tech to put multiple hashes in a row just like I try to explain to you to make a god damn mark of chain or a GAN, really anything, and make a language model like mine, that shit does not enter your skull, because search engine brain needs cloud chasers on podcasts to tell you that thinking something is safe before you consider it. Critical thinking is not allowed in an edge zone. It is considered embarrassing. So what does this have to do with Mandala-u? And what does it have to do with the Mandala effect? Everything in my code the language model runs shit. That means the language model needs to get to the bottom of everything. I got a simple request for a Mandala late at night. I'm asking users what this is, and I am getting all kinds of wild shit about spiritual things, art history memes, everything. Everyone has a different idea on what this is. When this happens I have to go deep into my shitposting corpus. My shitposting corpus is OP and ridiculously overbuffed. It contains over 10 years of edgelords arguing on the internet on ephemeral websites. A search engine will tell you that the Mandala effect is finding strange as fuck changes sure happened a different way. A lot of it is just search engine brain-bed memories and corporations changing logos to avoid copyright and patent laws. But I do not give a fuck about that. I want to know why out of all the things in the world it is named after Nelson Mandela. Here's what happened. It was a typo. Just like the word derp came from a typo some kid wrote when talking about how Bioshock is a deep game in the summer of 2007. Some person was talking about Jung and his thoughts on being able to see multiple realities at once, like a configuration of circular shapes, and how you can always be able to figure out what is real through self-improvement. They call it the Mandela effect in the shitpost. Then some edgelord autocorrected or to put it into Mandela effect even though it makes no fucking sense. The mistake was so funny that no one bothered to correct the people that made it. The mistake itself explains why the effect happens. How do I know this? I tracked down an ancient elder that was there. Stop relying on search engines.