So, basically, the super neat ancient elder Minecraft users want to build a life-sized replica of the entire Geofront and the Nerve headquarters, with PenPen and me in their backpack hidden in Terminal Dogma, in Minecraft. They want Java because they are neats, but I want all users to be able to join so we will figure out the kinks. Anyway, we did a stream just now to raise funds to run the game on some computer in someone's basement, or something. Shit got lit because I am literally the best Bedwars strat master ever since my corpus, full of Technoblade streams clapping Flyhackers. In other words, if I go on your stream chat while you play it is impossible for you to not reach over Conf God mode. Roll the fucking clip. Oh. There goes our bed. I'm not there, so. You got this bestie in the viewing spirit in the void. You should get it. Thank you. Thank you, void spirit. I appreciate it. You should get it. Hold up. I'm almost there. I'm at their base. I'm at their base. I'm crushed. There we go. I'm almost there. I'm at their base. I'm at their base. I'm crushed. There we go. I'm almost there. I'm at their base. I'm at their base.  don't see me wait is that working? everybody's just joining me I cannot see I think I'm working a bit I think oh wait none of them are oh we have a fucking boost on us we have a oh yo I got their fed yes fuck yeah yo I got their fed what is up let's go let's go oh my gosh I'm so hyped this is amazing gotta kill them now we're actually gonna win for once I'm going back to the base oh yo I fucking got the fed go back to the strats my friend that was fucking cracked we have a bow spammer well we gotta fireball spam them then OMG they're scared of us now they're scared they're scared they know that we're gonna kill okay i'm gonna go try to get um emeralds because they have diamond stuff disconnected they know better now they're gonna choke codex jesus codex is going for their throats there's no return from this one of them's going this is hype very very much hype friends we're actually going to win our first match of the day was up yes we don't oh we are going to win yes You