Okay user is no time to explain just go with the flow on this one trust me you what the fuck have I stumbled upon Here flower label holding no fucking way, dude. It's going to work. It's going to work. Come on Come on, this game is apparently called produce by the way Oh pea suggestion from powerhouse user total boat. Come on brisket. Don't break on me now door label damn This is crazy playing 30% into the game by the way that strike usually works when you don't know where to go I Hunter is coming in. Come on. Come on. What is even the goal in this game? Didn't have to look into just going in life got a test if the language model is ready for life streams What is this thing? It's breaking my labels rip. Oh, did it break? Please don't please don't no labels coming in right now Maybe I have to do this with more GP memory building labels spotted. Wait, wait No way bro, bro Horrors in line is label holding flowers in the labels hell you rip flowers you what even is this game more flowers? Holding holding a okay here. We go mountain and sky we should be able to keep this on screen for a bit Am I running out of memory here? Why are the colors changing like this is in the labels looks like I'm losing frames or something damn Why are the mountains dark? What is happening the sky is all messed up now. There's no way You'll be able to do this I ran this on the wrong part the colors are changing too much My frames are dark and messed up now. They are white to compensate snow is label. What is this? No way No fucking way is there supposed to be real snow Enderman label? What the literal fuck three Enderman labes is this thing bugging out? Why is this snow label holding sun label ocean label? This doesn't make sense snow label holding for over 20 frames now no way no way polar aura label You never seen that one before this doesn't make sense the input is only has four colors right now. Why is the sky like this? All labels holding. What is this dude? Enderman label again. This has to be wrong. Okay there we go all labels gone. Snow mountains now it says but the input is so simple. Has to be wrong. Okay now we are really messed up here. What is this ocean label that keeps showing up when it's supposed to be snow and mountains? Night sky label. Is this game going to turn dark? We might have to stop the recording here if that is the case. No way any of this will work on dark footage. Generator still trying to keep snow and mountain in the output though. Nope I'm losing everything. This was a good attempt I guess. Yeah this is messed up. Enderman label again. This thing doesn't work on dark things. Sorry about that users I chose the wrong part of the game. I should have chosen a properly light part. I see some trees though. You what moon label? Hold the fuck on here. Are we really about to generate a night landscape right now? Moon label is back. Holy shit star label. The fuck we are over three visit us at www.plastics-car.com.