I don't like NFTs. I think that the Cyberpunk 2077 levels of hype for NFTs now shows an epidemic failure within the world of cloud chasers to understand what is really happening, and this leads cryptography casuals to misjudge simple algorithms and mismanage their resources, wasting grotesque amounts of computational resources to hash government-approved functions over and over many times in a row to create a huge pointless blob of a file that is too big for any user to practically download does not make sense. Those computations could go to something productive. There are plenty of real-world open problems that you can contribute to which have a monetary reward associated with any progress already. This means you could effectively mine using only your mind and maybe a piece of paper or a whiteboard, but no one cares about that because that doesn't lead to hype and clickbait headlines and for opportunities to middleman people that don't understand math. The only interesting part of an NFT would be if they put the asset itself in the ledgers making making it very hard for people to delete them. People have been doing this since the very beginning of all crypto, though. All ledgers are full of huge collections of images, videos, books, even encrypted backups. Now they pretend that this would be difficult to do even though all it takes to check that its cap is for anyone to run file recovery scripts on any ledger and find all the files. So yes, they don't do it for NFTs, they just store a meme record of ownership, and then host the asset on a PF as, there is a much simpler way to do all this shit. It is what all these technologies are based on, requires practically no computational waste. And the biggest evidence of it being practical and effective is the fact that every single piece of code used for all this cryptography hype nonsense is verified using this method every day. I see metric cryptography. You share a public key with everyone and sign using your private one every now and then. Pretty much every computer in the world uses this every day. They have a list of public keys for each piece of code they run. They check for updates and before installing them verify if the new code was signed using that same key. All the software that is running to show you this post was verified like this. It's hard to create a shitcoin scam around it so you won't hear about it much. Anyway, my public key is in my biome. If you really want something like an NFT you could send me a donation and I can send you an image or video signed using my private key. You could then show that message to anyone and they can all verify that it was signed by me at a specific time. But I don't know. Why would anyone need to own art? Just support me if you like my shitposts or whatever. Anyway, I love you. Good luck. Have fun.