Magical girlie-ing the shit out of the 1.18 update over Goated Squad Edition. Basically, there's a huge server-wide project going on right now that's over-buffed with friendship and magical as fuck. We will all work together to build a new city and a ship called Friendship that the entire server will ride together into an unloaded chunk maybe. Anyway, here's how we are doing this shit. We will be using the Princess Jellyfish collaboration system. This system allows shy users to help everyone anonymously without having to interact with anyone directly. Most of CoZ is like this, and for this reason, they are assigned the first and most clutch unit, the Jellyfish unit. There's an area in CoZ town under a big cloud sign next to the entrance to the Big Shot Casino. There's chests in there that say which resources are needed. There's also signs that explain other things. You can drop off stuff there without having to deal with people. There will also be updates on Discord, which Vu can lurk. The rest of the units are based on pure cracked energy, an epic game of form that is different from player to player. player. Let's talk about them. The many glitter core build unit. They will be collecting and building everything that is glowy, colorful, shiny, and magical. This means sand, glass, and rods, sea lanterns, all that shit. Basically anything that can make the Porygon seizure episode happen with blocks. If you like making sparkle core things you should prob join. The Misato flying machines unit. They will be sweating with slime, stone, redstone, and all kinds of crazy flying machines to make a big ass ship that can carry us all. The flying friendship device has to somehow not crash the shit out of the server. It also has to dock with Cloud City. If you are a neat that is familiar with making robots in Minecraft you will be into this grind. The Sabrina mob collection unit. They will be collecting, breeding, and transporting super secret rare mobs so that the new builds also have over-goated pets vibing around. If you play Minecraft like it's Pokemon and have the patience to deal with mobs in boats then this is the unit for you. The Homura ultimate PV sweat grind unit. All other units need an insane amount. of Blaze Rods, End Rods, and Nether Stars. This unit will be killing Blaze Withers, Skeletons, Withers, Ender Dragons, and every mob that can provide with more shit to use and builds. Even if farms are made, someone still has to kill every Ender Dragon that makes more Oggy Pillars and every Wither for each beacon. Help this unit if you are into killing things. If you are down to help get screenies and recordings of what happens, help the Kensuka unit. And if you are good at communication and organization, join the Meia unit. Alright, I ran out of time, I still suck at editing. Comment your IG in to get whitelisted. Also, I love you, good luck, have fun, GG.