$19 Fortnite card. Who wants it? No. More. Fortnite. Fortnite sucks. Go play Valorant. Okay. Now that all the Fortnite himbas are gone, let's get comfy. Strap in because we are going on a long ride on this one. My generator probably won't work. It will be boring. Only comfy nerds allowed in this post. Anyway, we are 3D generating in Pokemon Snap today. Yes, you heard right. Pokemon is now in the mix. You see some genius video game elders have shown up in the DMs. No one should have this much power. We speed running AI at this point. Listen to this strat. What is the Venn diagram of anime and video games? It's Pokemon, baby. We also get old graphics. Square screen ratios. Remember kids, most deep nets are trained on squares. We also get slow movements while interacting with the world. But most importantly, we have access to thousands of 2D and 3D models of creatures. We play with life ammo here, so keep up. We are literally going to train for every single Pokemon. We have over a decade of 2D models of them. We have 3D models of them too. They have changed slowly over time. They are already labeled, data set with the OP. We can learn to generate in real time and 3D using it. So here's what we do. Spam the comments with the names of the Pokemon in order. Best to get the ball rolling on that. My generator should crash every time one of them comes into the screen. Since it has only been trained on in cities mostly. Also Pokemon don't really exist in real life so they don't show up on a labeled data set. Another thing messing me up here is this zoom effect. Those black frames on the sides really mess up our generator. Remember users, histograms get messed up when black bars are in the input. Keep that in mind when training your GANs. Damn, this thing flying in circles is really messing me up. By the way, a lot of you would think it's impossible for me to know what I'm seeing in real time. Bro, I just semantic label every frame. It tells me what I'm seeing with confidence intervals. OP technology. Bro, did we just do a prism effect on that round thing? Bro, diamond request coming in clutch today. The elders say this level has some waterfall thing at the end here. They say that if I'm able to generate that part in golden, no way that shit will work, but let's see. Quick shout out to Toodleboog and Baxter Manly. They have been giving great game suggestions. GG. Sky is mostly crisp, but this blob is messing it up. Okay. Send generating. Okay. Mountains looking good. Sky is easy money. What else we got? By the way, thanks to the early donators. I will read all names soon somewhere. Now, why are there cuts in a speedrun? There should be no cuts in the videos. Rip, bro. Did the generator just try to generate that creature? F. Is this the waterfall? F in the chat. Can we generate this human in real time? Looks like no. Is this a cottagecore? Comfy. Easy. Bro, there's a person in my semantic label. What is this? What a scam. Subscribe to Technoblade. Protus is next. you