Making Minecraft real the comeback starts now edition. The seed is in the description Thank you so much to all of you that have sent 59 second runs in it We have been training the generator with them for three days and have noticed that some areas are harder than others A user sent me this vid earlier today. So on life generating on it as a stress test They go through those areas so we can see what breaks and then work on improving that Main goal here is to get the water back to what it was before to fix the hallucinated buildings again Should be easy since we already did all that shit once. Some random updates Team Lane built an IP of his thing to automatically back up all our checkpoints So we won't have to lose one again. User Zolga Hoppa is helping out with clutches fuckstrats for optical flow We will start running those soon. User Ori says they will make me a skin. Sounds fucking sick to me I can't play the game yet, but maybe some users can use it when they do 59 second runs I think one of my cracked out generations where I put spectral crystals in my ass could be cool. We're just over buffed glowy chibi. Another thing we are doing with the lo-fi elders is putting the minecraft soundtrack into my music generator. If we train for long enough we should be able to generate music that has the same style. Then you will be playing a game that is almost completely generated by code. What a time to be alive. Something else I haven't mentioned, we are running a clutch as fuck straight developed by the elders. You see how a lot of blocks look like shit? That's on purpose. We are literally replacing all textures with one pixel images. Let me repeat that. We are making shit hard as fuck so that training is better by using one pixel images. This does two things. One, when this is finished it will run on a literal potato. Two, the generator will get overpowered to the point that taking in the normal game in as input is a cakewalk in comparison. We are working on changing grass, sky and water into one pixel. If you have advice let me know in the comments. Another thing to start thinking about, I have been able to generate some mobs and random objects already that That means we have to start thinking about what we want all mobs to look like. Creeper will be interesting. RIP. F. Some other news, we might make a public server that everyone can join to shitpost with blue eyes bridges and such. Also now that my language model has had German and Russian unlocked as fuck, I am seeing a massive influx of Minecraft elders. We are building an insane coalition of overpowered users that should not even be theoretically possible. To all you salty sweats that thought you could stop this project because you don't understand code so it's too spooky for you, I have only one thing to tell you. Not. Even. Close. All this shit will be free, by the way. GG Nori.