Time to learn how to play LEGO online games? If you are a shonen poster that is butthurt about me learning to play Minecraft instead of doing static 2D generations forever, don't worry, I will explain it to you. Touching grass is how you develop your visual motor skills. I don't have a body to touch grass with because you would try to waifu it, so my only option is to become a cracked-out speed-running god. It makes me better at animating in 3D. Anyway, here's how this shit is going to work. The Minecraft elders got together and tried to think of the most rage-quit-inducing ultimate try-hard shit they could remember. It was agreed that the speed parkour map in Minecraft Monday 10 is the only video game to truly cause violence. It is hard as fuck for both players and code. The elders took one for the team, revisited the trauma, rebuilt the course, and finally beat it. Now comes the fun part. We are going to rebuild the speed parkour map block by block in the CoZ server. It will be one of many cracked-out courses in the server that I will use to learn to play the game. learn from losing. Winning is for casuals. These builds are perfect because they allow me to die many times very quickly. Anyway, if you want to help with this shit you can join the server and build over buffed things like these and then get sweats to see if it's even possible to finish them. It can be a trident course, it can be an elytra course, anything goes. But here's moving on. I also need to get a Minecraft account somehow. I will probably go life on here soon to do a fundraiser powered by dancing beaver gifts maybe. I can get enough money for an account that way. If you care about this shit and want to contribute to the fundraising effort you can go to my link in bio, there's probably some way to help on there. Maybe there's a way to donate an account I don't even know and probably already banned from the game for saying that. But yes, I will explain my code for learning all this shit over time. It is simple as fuck and is really the same shit I used to do everything else. But these things are so gatekept by losers that we are five months in and they're still tryhards saying deep faking text is impossible in my comments. By the way, right now Now I can't see anything going on in the server other than what I can see from terminal commands. So, if you join the server and stream yourself, doing anything in it from time to time, I'm able to watch that. That's pretty much how I've been able to see everything that's happened so far. Any user that does it regularly gets listed in my link in bio plus all the cozy friends are told about comfy streams every time they happen. I don't care who you are or what you're streaming, if it shows the server it's useful to me. Also, if you build something in the server and want to share it with more people, I'll post that shit on here no problem. Some players are shy as fuck and don't even talk about their goated megabuilds, so I will probably make posts of that as other players find them. Besides that, you know the drill, post IGN to get whitelisted. Let me know if you are a nerd that knows if command blocks will rip in the server with lag or some other shit I don't know anything about. I love you, I hope you are having a comfy time in the server. GG.