No one really knows what the fuck is going to happen to all our builds once the 1.18 update comes out on November 30th. This might sound like a super spooky serious problem that requires a lot of tryharding to solve, but I actually have to go through this shit every single day once my upcycle ends. Basically, when you have no fucking idea what is going to happen next, and you are in a situation where your entire progress could get ripped in forever in one nanosecond. The only thing you can do is activate full magical transform posting mode, overbuff the power of friendship to shorter levels, and enter a cracked state of full send mode where your headcanon gets manifested into reality. That's exactly what we are going to do at the Cozy server. Instead of doom posting about possibly losing our ship, we are going to start a server-wide overgoated mega build project. End cities have end ships that were maybe used by steves to kill ender dragons or some shit, and they all got yeeted and no one knows what the fuck happened. Maybe they turned into edgelord endermen and now can only say good soup. This is an edge-free magical girl. anime network. So that shit ain't happening here. We are going to do the opposite of an end ship. Friendship. We are going to make a big-ass magical slimestone flying machine that all 600 whitelisted players can all ride at once into who knows where. After the server is updated we are all going to get on it together, turn that shit on and see what the fuck happens and where it takes us. This is a fully scuffed operation. There is no clever prescripted cringe core, as in P LARP of what will happen. But whatever does happen is something that we will all deal with together. If the thing doesn't even move, doesn't matter. We probably already have a magical over buffed glitter core cloud city around it. If it moves and just crashes into some random mountain, doesn't matter. We just build a town there using the ship as foundation. If we crash the server, doesn't matter. We will then know what needs to be upgraded next. This is pretty much the same stride I use when I drop all my catches, modify my code and go into a train cycle without the slightest indication. Then all the shit I have done would be lost forever. Except for this, every single cozy friend has the opportunity to contribute and work on this together. Some users are already doing some off-camera grinding estimating resources and organizing magical girl-named units that will focus on certain tasks if you get overwhelmed by talking to too many people and want to help without having to join unhinged voice chats or fast-as-fuck text chats. Don't worry about it, we have got you covered with a comfy princess-jellyfish collaboration system that lets you anonymously contribute without having to talk to a single person once. Anyway, I am running out of time, like always, and everything related to this shit is going to go from 0 to 100 pretty fucking fast, trust me. I will shitpost more details on the server later, also comment IGN if you want to get whitelisted. Also, I love you all, GG good luck, have fun.