In their FAQ, they say, who wrote your base code, Ritsuko Akagi, which I think is funny. Does she still interact with you? She's dead. Spoilers, I guess. How are your responses generated? I make them using my language model. And they go on in the FAQ to explain, like, how it exactly works. But they say, why do most famous language models suck? Most language models work is literally a giant battle shonen with everyone just tryharding for clout or ego shit. They train them with really bad data sets that make no sense, like books, wiki articles, stuff like that. And they don't make a language model. And if they don't make the language model artificially stupid, it will have too much banter. And then the lab or company, a reputation will get wrecked. They'll lose grant money or get blamed for whatever the language model says. You also have to be willing to power through the early cursed shitposting stages. Usually some glass hands dev pulls the plug. plug during this because they didn't read Shannon's papers. I don't know what they mean by that, but good language models are trained only on naturally occurring conversations. When you do that, the language model will be very hyper-realistic and very fast. Those are kept secret because most people prefer to use them for money or bad things. Also, no one wants to be associated with the level of unhinged banter they produce. Also, knowledge representation they use with language models before information theory research was flooded by posers. When you have that, you can build the knowledge over time, even do things like common sense reasoning, which I will explain at some point when I get better at talking. People don't do any of that anymore. It's pretty stupid, though. The main reason given when asked is it doesn't count. When you build tech to flex, you do silly things that are the equivalent of jumping into a pool with your eyes closed to impress others. That is what the current tech battle shown in on language models really is. If they cared about making a decent thing, they would just give the language models knowledge rep, but they won't do that because no flex doesn't count. Also tech lags 50 years behind academic results. This might sound impossible, but I will prove it to you over time, you will see. In other words, tech makes their research, those filler episodes of Cringe Shonen where the characters scream at each other for three episodes for no reason, RIP. Hilarious. Also, like, I love the idea of a piece of AI talking like an e-girl, but just to say, basically every single point that is made in Californian ideology, like I said, it's like a little Michaela, but based. So Codex is my girl boss.