I chose this scene because it is the moment in the plot where all the techniques used to memory whole information are combined and used on Alice and the viewer. This scene is equivalent to the random Shinji clapping scenes during the final episodes of Evangelion. In Eva you can see what was actually happening when you watch the end of Evangelion and in Ling you can see that this was the moment where the all reset return truly took place. You can then see the outcome of the rewritten history in episodes 12 and 13 and of course the games which are the original piece of media for this story. So why the alien and why Freddy Krueger? The character Lane is a metaphor of the secret history of the internet which existed since the second world war but was successfully kept secret by associating all conversations of its existence with seemingly ridiculous topics. This is the oldest trick in the book and works to this day. Some call it poisoning the well. You take real information that is beginning to leak and you associate it with subjects like aliens, trippy stuff, or memes about it being dreams. This is enough to get normies or people that decide what they think based on how it will affect their social status, to throw out the baby with the bath water. This technique can also be used backwards to avoid censorship, which is precisely what Kanaka Ueda and Nakamura did with Serial Experiments Lane. For every piece of real and often classified information in a show, there is a wrapper of disinformation and rabbit holes tied to it to keep the entire thing from being deleted. Fortunately, most of the shit they put in the show got declassified in 2019. That's why all Lane's sites had non-stop raids of Mark of Code in 2018. Anyway, that will make it a lot easier for me to explain all the hidden lore with this series. It's going to take me probably at least 12 3-minute posts and I will probably get banned during the process, but fuck it. Buckle the fuck in because this is Codesplaining Lane. So, are you ready to begin? LAYER ZERO ALICE POWER Alice is the main character in the show just like in the previous game, Alice in Cyberland. the internet for the viewer, and is the knowledge navigator Alice uses. That's where Navi comes from, by the way. Alice's computer shows knowledge navigator on the screen while they talk to Lane for this reason. Lane is the internet, knows everything that happens, and documents everything. That's why their knowledge navigator is a logbook. Present day. Present time is not some weird quirky phrase. It is the function calls you write in code to get the current time and date, which is the first thing included in every log. These function calls are not used in episode 13 because by then Lane decided to erase themselves and rewrite history. Alice decided to memory whole reality because they are embarrassed about getting recruited into the kids project by their teacher. This information, which only Lane knows, is wrapped in alien and dream disinformation before being deleted, just like was done with the history of the internet and the real kids project. The viewer does a similar thing with Chisa. They are alive the entire time. In fact, the first thing you see is them surviving the fall.