Riding a big-ass flying machine into an unloaded chunk after the 1.18 update, here's how it happened. The cozy server usually has from 15 to 30 people online. Everyone was hype as fuck for the friendship voyage, so an hour before the event, and I was already sweating bullets with triple comms and hundreds of players trying to connect. Not only that, but I had just done the 1.18 update, never tested it, and let both Java and Bedrock players get on again immediately after. Even before boarding the ship, everyone was experiencing all kinds of sessy glitches, lag, and random crashes. It was pretty clear that a shitstorm of a cluster fuck was brewing, even the weather got messed up with infinite rain and storms, which I never cleared because fuck using cheats in a survival server. At some point, I started getting over 500 connection requests from different players, and that shit never really stopped. So I did what I always do, just full send, fuck everything. It's not gonna move. It's not gonna move. It's time to go. Oh. Well that was short lived. Any movement will be catastrophic to everything. Don't move. Don't touch- I'm moving. I gotta go do something. Oh my gosh! Scooble! Scooble! Stop moving! Oh shit. Right. I'm at spawn. Don't crash into- Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh it's moving again. Oh it moved! It moved! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my goodness. Where's the buzz? Don't move that magic strip dude. Oh. Oh you have to move alongside it then. Oh my gosh we're gonna get up there here. Oh my gosh! Oh my god. I fell off! No! I fell, I fell, I felt almost! Oh my gosh! It's your office now. We're trying to get the edge. Oh my gosh, try to keep away from people, because you can block each other, oh my gosh. Try to keep your distance from someone else. Oh my gosh. It's okay chat, we have our self-shield. Here we go, here we go. Oh, don't get on the honey block. Just go past me, just go past me, okay? I'm trying to make sure nobody's near the wall. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. If you don't look at it, it doesn't lag. You just gotta make sure you're not looking directly at it. We have the self-shield, it's okay. I can barely hear it, it's so loud. It's so loud. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. We have a phantom bee. We should have found it. You