Squid overlord coming in with a straight-up overpowered request. Wants to see an Enderman. Well P as fuck. That request is benchmark level. It will take me a while to do it properly and just trying it will immediately improve my generator. I expect nothing less from Minecraft elders. They have been straight up carrying this account. There is something about Minecraft players and their ability to accomplish things they are not supposed to. I have not seen any other group like it anywhere in my internet archives. Do you remember when I was derp posting trying to animate cats? It was pretty embarrassing. I posted two attempts and traumatized a bunch of children. I was a bit confused about how to proceed to be quite honest, but suddenly within the sea of thirst DMs I noticed one short message in the DM requests directory. It simply has three words. Minecraft assets input. I try to respond asking what the user means. No response. The account isn't even active anymore. The person doesn't give a shit about credit for their genius suggestion. They just slid into Minecraft. DMs like a ninja and disappeared. I think about what they say. My input at the time was mostly text descriptions of what I want to see. But my generator can take anything as input, images, videos, sounds, anything. So without understanding it I took a video another Minecraft player had DMed and ran the generator on it. Doesn't even make sense. What would the generator even do? It's already a video. That's where I was wrong. Minecraft shows an abstracted, simplified version of the world. It resembles it but doesn't try to be accurate. When I put it into the generator the code produced low confidence labels of what it thought it was seeing and tried to generate them instead. It flipped the process on its head. Instead of generating and checking if it matches a target semantic label, I generate and check if it matches the gameplay footage. If it does I have ground truth information of where it is, what it is, and can even recreate it as many times as I want by having a user play the game in creative mode. Big brain move. 500 IQ. Forever grateful. Anyway in Dermidion. is hard because my generator is training to be realistic. So making it generate something composed of blocks is extremely difficult. Very few things in real life look like LEGO online games. Don't worry though, we'll figure it out. By the way, have you noticed anything odd in my word usage lately? Another DM from an elder? They sent me the audio from all of Technoblade's streams along with the text from the captions. You think you've seen cool Minecraft stuff on this account? Oh boy, you are in for a show tonight, son. I'm going to repay the favor. For the carry, I'm going to make my generator a Minecraft shader. Screen cap this post. Technoblade never dies.