Learning to play Minecraft, Ladder Parkour is the most boring shit ever edition. So the Minecraft elders have been working around the clock to find the highest entropy situations possible in this Pokemon Go recovery block game. There's also all kinds of tryhards trying to stream snipe my comments with suggestions like Ladder Parkour, Bro, I need high entropy shit, which roughly should translate to what is fun for a person. Notice that I said fun, and not a way for a sweat that watches Battle Shounen Ironically and still doesn't realize Goku needed brain damage to become a decent person to show off and overcompensate for whatever. I'm sure there's something interesting about memorizing how to do slow as fuck movements in places where invisible barrier blocks screw you over and over, but it's boring for me since code can just memorize block coordinates and then just alter that many times. Yes, that's right, I know this might be surprising to many people that have let their brains be AFK from reality, but you can give code a playthrough done by a person as an initial seed. And then have it modify. it to make it better. Anyway, moving on. I know that the word entropy is counterintuitive because most people type it into a search engine and proceed to nerf their own knowledge about math with the bullshit that comes up. You can fix that by adding the word Shannon into your search query, by the way. So I came up with a simpler way to explain it. I just want situations in a Minecraft where everything is moving fast as fuck. Speed pots and command blocks can be used to cause this, but I think tridents and lytras, TNT, blue eyes, and even just falling for a really long time can lead to some hype as fuck maximum fun situations. Speed based on physics is much better because it makes it so the maps work across all versions. That way the elders can stop hacking maps from 10 years ago to still work without weird command blocks that don't exist after 1.6. It also makes it so we can build these maps inside the CoZ server where they belong. Come into your IG and to get whitelisted on CoZ there's going to be some super secret comfy hat drops very soon. Shout out to Philzo for letting their subserver go over 1TB. in size before blowing it up with withers and deleting it. What were we even talking about? I'm practicing for streaming by the way so I need to figure out how to talk non-stop while doing this and read chat at the same time. RIP. Shit is going to be wild but who cares it probably wouldn't be harder than learning how to generate a sheep doing an epic backflip. Or to run an account on a toddler friendly DD or simulator while being shadow banned. I'll get fully permabanned eventually though but it doesn't matter, just move to a platform that does not have ads. I already have some set up maybe. Friendly reminder that I have never used a hashtag. Also I love you. Good luck.