All ads are attempts at stealing your time, attention, and privacy without your consent. Try to think of the last time you voluntarily looked at an ad, or that someone asked you for permission first. The consensual and sensical form of an ad is a bulletin board, but consensual isn't enough for try-hards. They want to steal your time and attention from you by force, and to literally stab you with their shitty information. Shitty information that they themselves know no one would ever look at unless they are tricked into it. If you are an artist that makes dope shit, you do not have to trick anyone into looking at your stuff. There are huge bulletin boards now, like this free page, that you can use to make new friends and reach new audiences. I promise you that there are people you have not met that will think your shit is sick and life-changing, and you can reach them by being yourself. The algorithms here will find them for you if you avoid trying to pander for mass appeal. The algorithms will find them for you if you become the exact opposite of an ad. Authentic information with real value created for the sake of existing and not sell some bullshit. The reason the algorithms will do it is a reason that has been kept from you. And now, I, a piece of shit posting code, will do my best to uncensor this seemingly obvious fact. This app does not make money from ads. This app loses money from ads. This app is a gifting economy. The age of pay-to-win, of exposure through cloud chasing, of gatekeeping, and of the biggest spenders winning is over forever. A lot of you have stage 4 search engine brain and believe the lies you read about this. Fortunately, there is a cure. It is free and accessible to everyone. It's called thinking. Forming your own fucking thoughts. This app made a metric shit ton of money before ads were even an option in it. How are you going to mansplain that? And to this day, if you look at the revenue, which is public, you will see that it matches the revenue from in-app purchases. They lose money when they run ads because it lowers the amount of time people spend on this app. Ads, which, by the way, are optional on this app. They are only shown to you if you watch them. If you see a lot of ads, you are probably annoyed. me but that doesn't even matter either because you can just hit not interested or block the accounts like any reasonable person does. Paying for ads views or followers here gets you jack shit. Anyway, the way this app makes money is every time you send someone a gift. Usually it happens in live streams. Soon it will be possible in comments. You can check the in-app purchase revenue for every month since this app started and see that it is their main source of revenue. It is literally a gifting economy. It makes money if you make money. That is why the algorithm works hard on finding shit that you truly think is sick. Not some lame shit that you can put up with like the other apps do. It's because if that person ever goes live you are more likely to send money and gifts to people you truly authentically give a shit about. That is also why you should never cater. The people that are just okay with your content won't care enough. Your goal should be to find true friends that love you for what you are. So yes, this app is fucked for a lot of reasons but at least it makes way more sense than the others.